Last Modification: 06/25/2017
 
Klystrumate Privacy Policy
 
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to all Klystrumate Digital Products (“Games and Apps”), its affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions or designees. This Policy describes how our Digital Products (“Games and Apps”) collects, shares, uses and safeguards customers personal information we collect anywhere. This Policy will also give you more information about how to manage the personal information that you provide to us. When visiting our website or using our mobile application, this Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use located on our website.
1.    The Information We Collect.
When you visit our website or use our mobile application, we may receive and collect certain information. The information that we may receive and collect depends on what you do when you visit our website or use our mobile application.
             • Automatically Collected Information.
Some information is automatically received and sometimes collected from you when you visit our website. This information may include some or all of the following items: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using and the IP address of your Internet Service Provider the type and version of Internet browser software you use and your operating system the date and time you access our website or use our mobile application, the length of your stay and the specific pages, images, video or forms that you access while viewing our website or mobile application, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website, and if applicable, the search engine that referred you and any search strings or phrases that you entered into the search engine to find our website and demographic information concerning the country of origin of your computer and the language(s) used by it.
We use this information to monitor the usage of our website and mobile application, assess its performance, ensure technological compatibility with your computer, and understand the relative importance of the information provided on our website. We may also use this data to conduct statistical analyses on visitors usage patterns and other aggregated data.
         • Information Collected via Cookies.
 
“Cookies” are small files or records that are placed on your computers hard drive to distinguish you from other visitors to our website. The use of cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect or track information about your activities while using our website. A cookie may enable the website owner to track how a visitor navigates through its website and the areas in which they show interest. This is similar to a traffic report: it tracks trends and behaviors, but does not personally identify individuals. Information gathered may include date and time of visits, pages viewed, time spent at the site, and the website visited just before and just after a visit to our website.
 
Cookies can be set to expire: (1) on a specified date (2) after a specific period of time (3) when a transaction has been completed or (4) when a user turns off his/her Internet browser. A cookie that is erased from memory when a visitor’s Internet browser closes is called a “session” cookie. Cookies that expire based on a time set by the Web server are called “persistent” cookies.
 
Our website may use both “session cookies” and “permanent cookies.” Most people do not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit our website or most websites because browsers are typically set to accept cookies. You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off cookie placements.
 
     • Information You May Actively Submit Through Our Websites.
For most of the browsing on our website, we neither require nor collect “User Information”. User Information is the information that could personally identify you, for example, your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. You can browse our website and take as much time as you want to review our services without submitting User Information such as:  (1)When you want to contact us via electronic means or website submission
 E-mail or other forms of electronic communication, including website submission, are secure and/or confidential means of communication.
 
2. Security.
Klystrumate takes reasonable steps to help protect personal information that we have or control against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. Although no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure, and no assurance against any loss or theft, unauthorized access, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your payment information is processed confidentially, because of your credit card security.
3.    E-Mail Communications.
When you send an email to us, or provide your email address to us, you are communicating with us electronically and consent to receive communication from us electronically. We may retain the content of the email, your email address, and our response in order to service your needs. We may use the data that you provide to send you email or correspondence via other means.
 
4. How We Use and Share User Information and Customer Information.
Our view on using User Information and Customer Information is simple. We do not rent or sell your User Information and Customer Information (collectively, “Information”). We do this by general marketing communications for our services, including by regular mail, e-mail and text messages (collectively, Marketing Communications). Unless you opt-out through opportunities available to you through our Marketing Communications, we may send you Marketing Communications. You may also opt-out of future Marketing Communications by following the instructions provided in Section 6 (Access to and Managing Your User Information) of this Policy.
We share your Informati with third parties only under the limited circumstances stated below:
 
a.    Information may be subject to disclosure for legal reasons, such as in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation or request, or as otherwise required by law.
 
b. Information may be disclosed to protect our rights or property, protect our legitimate business interests, to enforce the provisions of this Policy and Terms of Use, and/or to prevent harm to you or others.
 
c. Information may be disclosed to process credit card transactions. In this case these transactions are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process your order. In addition, we may disclose Information to third parties to verify the authenticity of any financial transaction involving our company or its subsidiaries
 
d. Information may be disclosed and transferred if our company or its business is sold or offered for sale to another company or person(s), if a petition for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Laws is filed by or against us, or if we become subject to an order of appointment of a trustee or receiver.
 
5. Linking to Third-Party Websites.
When you click on links on our website that take you to third-party websites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of any third-party websites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement of any and every website you visit, whether you are linking from our website or browsing on your own.
 
6. Access to and Managing Your Information.
It is important for you to be able to find out what Information you have provided us through our Digital Products (“Games and Apps”), update your Information, and “opt out” of receiving future Marketing Communications. To inquire about your Information, update your Information, or “opt out” of receiving future Marketing Communications, please contact us as described in Section 10 (Questions or Comments) below. Please be sure to include your full name, address, phone number and e-mail address and indicate the specific nature of your request. If you want to “opt in” or “opt out” of receiving Marketing Communications, specify what type of Marketing Communication (e.g., e-mail or direct mail) you wish to receive or stop receiving. This will ensure we identify you correctly in our systems and accurately process your request. If you send an e-mail or letter request, we will take appropriate steps to implement your request, but due to production, mailing and system timelines, it may take up to: 10 business days for e-mails or 30 calendar days for mail.You may still receive or not receive Marketing Communications from us,until that change takes effect,
 
You may also ask us to change your preferences on how we use your Information by taking the following steps:
a.  Log on to our website to access and change your profile information and preferences if you      have an online account with us.
b.  Follow “opt-out” instructions in promotional e-mails we send to you.
Also, please note that even though you may have “opted out” of receiving Marketing Communications, you may still receive business-related communications. Business communications include order confirmations or other administrative information. Please be aware that “opting-out” of certain third party use may prevent us from providing certain services that you request.
 
7. What You Need to Do to Protect Your Information.
You have several options when you decide about your Information protection. One option is simply not to volunteer it.
8. What to Do About Suspected Violations of This Privacy Statement.
If at any time you believe we have not adhered to the policies and principles set forth in this Policy, please notify us using the contact information in Section 10 (Questions or Comments) below. We will make all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond to your concerns.
 
 
9. Changes to Privacy Policies.
Our Policy is subject to change from time to time, so we suggest that you review the current Policy at the start of each visit to our website. Unless we clearly express, we will use Information in accordance with this Policy under which the Information was collected. You are hereby advised that you’re continued use of our website constitutes your acceptance of any amendments to and the most recent version of this policy.
 
10. Questions or Comments.
 
If you have any questions or comments concerning our Privacy Policy, please contact us:
a. Send an email with your request and current contact information to klystrumate@gmail.com
b. For Klystrumate questions or comments, call our number at +19842601399 (WhatsApp Also).